Welcome to the World-History-Truth-is-the-power wiki!

Second world war truth facts. And explanation why did it happen in first place. 

In 2016 still so many people do believe what books written is truth. 
First of all We want every one to understand that nothing can be hidden. What it is done it is done and all history is written in files, Even that history You saying in words by speech. 
Remember We are No one and We are every one, We are every where, when You move finger We there, If You do bad thinks We there, if You do good We also there. When You think some think We there, We know what You thinking. 
We recommend that You be always honest. All thoughts and actions matters and it counts. 
Same as As good and bad. Killing and saving life. War criminals will be judged any way and they have not escape way.

  ''You must understand that this war is not against Hitler or National Socialism, but against 
    the strength of the German people, which is to be smashed once and for all, regardless of
    whether it is in the hands of Hitler or a Jesuit priest.'' - Winston Churchill

THE GENERAL SEQUENCE OF OCCURRENCES LEADING INTO WAR

HOW A LOCAL CONFLICT WAS TWISTED INTO WORLD WAR BY THE ALLIES:

1930s: Pole Edward Rydz-Smigly, considering himself the likes of Napoleon, declared that he would show the archenemy Germany his fangs. He becomes the new Marshall of Poland in 1936.

1930s: The Polish newspaper “Liga der Grossmacht” invoked its readers with (3) “War against Germany to move the western border to the rivers Oder and Neisse. Prussia must be conquered all the way to the river Spree. In a war with Germany we will not take any prisoners. And there will be no place for human feelings or cultural restraints. The world will tremble under a Polish-German war. We must invoke in our soldiers a spirit of super human sacrifice and merciless revenge and cruelty.”

24 March 1932: Bernard Lecache, President of the Jewish World Federation: “Germany is our world enemy no. 1. It is our goal to bring about a war without mercy against her.”

24 March 1933: First page of the Daily Express newspaper prints a call for a boycott of German goods, cutting off the livelihood of Germany, an export country. “14 Million Jews are standing together as if one man and are declaring war on Germany.”

8 May 1933: Stephen Wise, influential Rabbi of America: “I am for war.”

Spring 1933: District board member (Woiwode) of East Oberschlesien, Grazinski, declared in a propaganda speech in the Polish Department of Interior: “Exterminate the Germans.”

7 August 1933: New York Times publishes a speech of Samuel Untermayers of the Jewish World Congress, who calls for a “…holy war against Germany, until Germanys’ end and complete annihilation.”

25 January 1934: Vladimir Jabotinsky, a leading Marxist and Zionist writes: “We will unleash a mental and material war of the whole world against Germany.”

February 1936: Murder of German Wilhelm Gustloff in Switzerland by Jew David Frankfurter.

1936: After Marshall Pilsudsky’s death, Edward Rydz-Smigly becomes the new Marshall of Poland

1938: Open Letter by Churchill to Hitler (1): “If England were to end in a national disaster similar to the disaster for Germany in 1918, I would beg God to send us a man of your spirit and strength.”

By 1938: in “Poland” two thirds of German possessions were brutally expropriated which forced hundreds of thousands of Germans to flee Poland.

By 1938: 8,000 Germans were murdered in the most bestial ways, including Catholic and Protestant priests and pastors, women and children. Hounding, terror and government harassment followed.

24 October 1938: Germany presented suggestions to the Polish embassy in Berlin to eliminate the frictions in Poland. The plan was also to release the purely German State “Freistaat Danzig” (free state) from the Polish customs union enforced on 1 April 1922. And West Prussia was to have its own ballot with plans depending on the results of their voting for benefit of either Poland or Germany. The German-Polish Non-aggression pact (“Nichtangriffspakt”) of 1934 with Polish Marshall Pilsudsky was to be extended for another 25 years. After Marshall Pilsudsky’s death, Edward Rydz-Smigly became the new Marshall of Poland in 1936. His Secretary of State, Beck, rejects right out the suggestions of Germany. Warschau rejects 4 more offers from Germany.

The Newly created Poland occupied – due to the Versailler Diktat – the German provinces Westpreussen, Posen and Ost-Oberschlesien (Korridor) which were German for 800 years. Not only that, Poland had plans to occupy German territory all the way to Berlin.

November 7, 1938: Shooting of diplomat Ernst von Rath by Jew Herschel Grynspan, a Polish-German Jew (Greenspan!) who eventually escaped from Europe and could not be processed.

November 9, 1938: Ernst von Rath dies from his injuries.

November 9/10 1938: “Reichskristallnacht” shakes Germany. Jewish businesses, homes, and ca. 12% of the 1420 synagogues were damaged or destroyed. 36 people died. Thousands were arrested. Hitler was beside himself and said: “My work has been setback 5 years, if not altogether destroyed.” It has been proven that it was not an “order from above.” (2) [*perhaps a False Flag Attack???]

November 10, 1938: Immediate protection of Jews and their properties was put in place by Adolf Hitler.

December 19, 1938: Lecache: “It’s our business to organize the moral and cultural blockade of Germany and to divide this nation into four parts.

21 March 1939: Hitler declares formally the German right to return Free State Danzig (Freistaat Danzig) and an open train and street connection through the Korridor to Danzig by a guarantee and protection contract for Poland. (In 1935 Reichskanzler Bruenigs said in Geneva: “A German government that would surrender all rights to the Korridor would not last beyond 24 hours.”)

23 March 1939: Poland rejects Germany’s demand in a provocative way after calling up a partial mobilization on March 23rd.

31 March 1939: English and French “Guarantee Declaration” to Poland purposefully created to work against Germany’s efforts of a peaceful and just solution.

The Poles declared to expand their borders to the river Elbe and that Berlin is not a Germany city but an old Polish village. Posters showed up everywhere “Off to Berlin!”

25 April 1939: The American journalist Weigand was called to the American ambassador in Paris, Bullitt and was told: (4) “The war in Europe is a done deal… America will enter the war after France and Great Britain.”

This is confirmed through the White House papers by Harry Hopkins, including the following statement during that time by Winston Churchill: (4) “The war will come very soon now. We will enter into war and you, the United States, will do the same. You, Baruch, will do what needs to be done, but I will look after things here.”

April 26, 1939: British ambassador Henderson declared to his Secretary of State: “A passage through the Korridor is absolutely a just arrangement. If we were in Hitler’s place, we would demand at least that much.”

April 28, 1939: The German government responds with the revocation of the German-Polish contract of 1934 and the German-English Naval Agreement of 1935. Germany then took on a wait and see position.

1 May 1939: Mrs. Mrozowicka called on the Polish people: “The Fuehrer is far away, but the Polish soldier is near, and there are plenty of branches on the trees in the woods.” Lists were established and thousands of innocent Germans were arrested under flimsy accusations. A great power such as Germany had been long justified to put an end to this gruesome game. Instead, Germany continued its efforts to come to a peaceful solution.

3 May 1939: (5) During the great parade of Polish troupes during their National Holiday the incited masses screamed to every troop: “Off to Danzig” and “March forward to Berlin.” “The German demand for a transport connection to East Prussia and a return of Danzig to Germany must be answered with war against Germany. The ridiculous German army made up of undernourished generations of the Versailles Diktat with their silly emblems will be smashed up in Berlin.”

Summer 1939: Marshall Rydz-Smighly: “Poland wants war with Germany, and Germany will not be able to avoid it, even if it wanted.”

After this, Hitler revealed to the Press for the first time the persecution of the Germans in Poland. Invitation by Hitler for talks in Berlin were not accepted all the while negotiations were taking place between the Western powers and Russia. Stalin suggested a military agreement for the purpose of a total encirclement and isolation of Germany. In the case of war he demanded free access through Poland and complete authority in the Balkans and against Turkey.

In response to this, in a sweeping speech Hitler implored England to keep peace and emphasized the right of Germany to Danzig and the Korridor. He also offered an alliance with England and German guarantees for the English Colonial Empire. He prophesied the disintegration of the greatest world empire if Britain will go to war. He said that he could not believe that England would be willing to risk its empire because of Danzig and the Korridor.

In response, Lord Vansittart, austere enemy of any settlement with Germany and diplomatic counselor of the Department of State in London declared that just alone a mentioning of the possibility of a German-English pact would have devastating effects for England in the United States.

20 August 1939: Graszynski calls for murder openly: “Beat down the Germans wherever you find them.”

23 August 1939: To protect its back, Germany made a non-aggression and commercial pact with Russia beating the French and British negotiators to the punch. In a secret additional protocol the German-Russian interests in Eastern Europe were established, based on the old Rapallo-agreement of 1922 which Hitler extended in 1933. Negotiations on commercial credit agreements had already started in 1938.

25 August 1939: Hitler states to British ambassador Neville Henderson: “The allegation that Germany wants to conquer the world is ridiculous. The British Empire has 40 Million Square Kilometers, Soviet Russia has 19 Million and the U.S.A. has 9.5 Million, whereas Germany has not even 600,000 Square Kilometers. From this it can be seen who has as tendency to conquer.

25 August 1939: British assistance agreement to Poland which re-ignited war euphoria in Poland.

Atrocities against Germans increased. A Schlesien man remembers: “Because of the Polish coercive measures, about 80,000 Germans escaped to Germany in 1938/39. Since May, we the ones who lived near the German border were especially in danger. Townsmen and farmers were attacked, homes were set on fire, and women and children beaten.

27 August 1939: Moving speech by Hitler to French Minister President Daladier: …I, Mr. Daladier, am wrestling together with my people for the rectification of an injustice inflicted upon us, and the others are fighting for the insistence of this injustice. You and I have experience war in its devastating cruelty. We know what unspeakable sorrow came upon the masses. We should do everything in our power not to let it come to another war.”

29 August 1939: Chaim Weizmann (involved in the Balfour Declaration) – Chairman of the Jewish “Agency for Palestine” – since 1948 president of the new state Israel – declared to Chamberlain that the Jews are on the side of Great Britain and will fight on the side of democracy.

30 August 1939: Once more, Hitler issued a document with 16 points to avoid war and to settle the German-Polish conflict. It went to London, Rom and Moscow. Poland rejected to send an ambassador to receive the document. To the contrary, on the same day Poland ordered general mobilization, which according to the Geneva Protocols is the same as a war declaration.

30 August 1939: The German consul Schillinger was murdered in Krakau.
And still Germany did not react with war.

31 August 1939: Dahlerus: (6) “When on 31 August at 11:00 a.m. in accompaniment of the British Legation Advisor Forbes I visited the Polish ambassador, Lipski, in Berlin to deliver Hitler’s 16 points declared the same that in the case of war there will be German revolts and that the massive Polish troops would march successfully toward Berlin.”

1 September 1939, Midnight: the Polish radio declared: “Poland is on a victorious advance to Berlin and should be there by the weekend. The Germans retreated in chaos on the whole front.” From this it is clear that Poland was the aggressor, and the German shooting started only five hours later.

1 September 1939: Hitler spoke in an unprepared speech in the Krolloper before the Reichstag where he emphasized that Germany has no interests in the West. Then he said: “Just like recently in just one night there were 21 border invasions, in this night it was 14 and of those 3 are very grievous. This is the first time the Polish army has entered German territory. Since 4:45 a.m. we are shooting back…”

1 September 1939: 75 German divisions with 1.1 Million men stood against the Polish army of 1.7 Million men. In short, tough battles, the Polish army was defeated in 18 days.
1 September 1939: the German military: passing the Polish border we found fresh graves of German civilians and their bloody and torn clothing on the roads and curbs.

Inhuman were the horrific scenes of the bloodbath in Bromberg and other places, where Germans were defiled, raped, mutilated and murdered in heinous ways. The German troops marching in from Pommern, Schlesien and Slovakia came upon horrific sights.

3 September 1939: First England declared war on Germany and then France declared war on Germany. The situation in the Reichskanzlei was grave consternation.

3 September 1939: Lord Halifax declares his satisfaction: (7) “Now we have forced Hitler into war so that he can no longer give up one piece after another of the Versailles contract in peaceful ways.” Followed by Winston Churchill on a radio declaration: (8) This war is an English war and its goal is to exterminate Germany.”

17 September 1939: Russian troops occupied Polish territory, but London and Paris did not declare war upon the Soviets, nor did they provide their troops to protect the Poles. It was clearly a break of the agreement and a sign of a coming 2-front-war for Germany to destroy Germany’s power on the continent for ever and to rob it of its freedom and independence!

_____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Swastika                                                              
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
For other uses, see Swastika (disambiguation).
The swastika (also known as the gammadion cross, cross cramponnée, or wanzi) (as a character: 卐 or 卍) is an ancient religious symbol that generally takes the form of an equilateral cross, with its four legs bent at 90 degrees.[1][2] It is considered to be a sacred and auspicious symbol in Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism and dates back to before 2nd century B.C.[3]

It has been used as a decorative element in various cultures since at least the Neolithic. It is known most widely as an important symbol long used in Indian religions, denoting "auspiciousness."

It was adopted as such in pre-World War I-Europe and later, and most notably, by the Nazi Party and Nazi Germany prior to World War II. In many Western countries, the swastika has been highly stigmatized because of its use in and association with Nazism.[4]

It continues to be commonly used as a religious symbol in Hinduism and Buddhism.[3]

Western literature's older term for the symbol, gammadion cross, derives mainly from its appearance, which is identical to four Greek gamma letters affixed to each other.[5] The name swastika comes from the Sanskrit word svastika (Devanāgarī: स्वस्तिक), meaning "lucky or auspicious object".[5]

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

 International Red Cross Report Confirms the Holocaust of Six Million Jews is a Hoax
International Red Cross Report Confirms the Holocaust of Six Million Jews is a Hoax
Posted by blogfactory On May 14, 2016 0 Comment

Special investigative report by Harry Barclay

RED CROSS EXPOSES “JEWISH” HOLOCAUST HOAX: INTERNATIONAL RED CROSS (IRC) DOCUMENT CONFIRMS 271 THOUSAND NOT 6 MILLION DIED IN CONCENTRATION CAMPS

TG: “This appeared in Ireland in the Kilkenny Journal and was sent to me by a friend. Here is the link to the original article which I have pasted in full here below:”

http://www.kilkennyjournal.ie/index.php/politics/item/1484-international-red-cross-report-confirms-the-myth-of-the-six-million

http://truedemocracyparty.net/2012/06/red-cross-expose-jewish-holocaust-hoax/

OFFICIAL INTERNATIONAL RED CROSS RECORDS RELEASED

Sealed and guarded since the end of WWII at Arolsen, Germany, the Official IRC records reveal the actual Concentration Camp total death toll was 271,301

Setting the history books straight Written by  Michael McGrath

Posted by Henry_Graves_28

For years, people around the world – “the West” in particular – have been told that “six million Jews were systematically murdered by Germans in ‘Concentration Camps’ during World War 2.”

Thousands of honest people disputing this claim have been viciously smeared as a hateful anti-Semite. Several countries around the world have jailed and heavily fined people for disputing the claim that “6 Million” Jews were killed.

Provided here is a scanned image of an Official International Red Cross document, proving the so-called “Holocaust” [the long-and-often-claimed-6-million Jews] is just plain wrong. Jews around the world have intentionally exaggerated and perpetually lied for the purpose of gaining political, emotional and business advantages for themselves.

They committed willful, criminal FRAUD upon millions of trusting people around the world!

Please NOTE that the truth has been known since long before 1979!!! The above compiler, replying to a letter, had to rely on information that was already in existence!!!

Tax-payers of Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Latvia, Poland and other nations have had multiple millions of dollars taken from their wages to be paid out to “holocaust survivors” and their descendants for something that DID NOT HAPPEN.

The tax-payers of these United States of America spend Billion$ each year in direct, indirect and military support of the State of Israel (which is not Biblical Israel).

This is intentional, criminal fraud on a scale so massive as to be almost incomprehensible.

Red Cross and East German government figures put the total deaths at every camp as 272.000, and 282,000 respectively which includes homosexuals, communists, gypsies, murderers, paedophiles etc. The 6 Million figure is a Kabbalist number, a magickal figure which featured in news papers in the early 1900’s

Where do the innocent Germans, Americans and others go to get a refund?

I call for criminal prosecution of individuals and groups who filed false lawsuits to obtain holocaust reparations and financial damage awards and perpetrating deliberate fraud upon Courts.

I call for the removal of Holocaust references in History books and educational materials.

I call for the removal of Holocaust Memorials worldwide.

It is long overdue that this intentional fraud be halted and those who perpetrated it be brought to justice for over 60 years of National Blood Libel against Germany and other nations through vicious lies and financial fraud.

Two of the most important surveys of the Jewish question in Europe during World War II are David Irvings examination of the Russian archives after the wall came down. Irving published his findings in his book, “Hitler’s War” and said not one word about gas chambers.

When question about this omission he said that there was no reference to gas chambers in the archives and therefore he did not discuss the question of gas chambers. Irving was arrested in several countries for hate speech for his scholarly omission.

The International Red Cross published their analysis in a three volume “Report of the International Committee of the Red Cross on its Activities during the Second World War” published in Geneva in 1948. This analysis expanded findings of two previous publications: “Sur L’activite’ du CICR en faveur des civils detencus dans les camps de concentration en Allemagne 1939-1945 (Geneva, 1946) and “Inter Arma Caritas: The Work of the ICRF during the Second World War” (Geneva, 1947).

In 1949 the International Red Cross interviewed prisoners in the German camps. They were not allowed to interview prisoners in the Russian camps which were far more harsh.

The German camps held both political prisoners (Schutzhaflinge) and those convicted of crimes. The Germans allowed the Red Cross to distribute food, medicine and clothing to the prisoners.

Grateful prisoners sent letters of thanks from Dachau, Buchenwalk, Sangerhausen, Sachsenhausen, Oranienburg, Flossenburg, Landsberg-am-Lech, Fibha, Ravensbruck, Hamburg-Neuengamme, Mauthausen, Theresienstadt, Auschwitz, Bergen-Belsen and others.

“The principal recipients were Belgians, Dutch, French, Greeks, Italians, Norwegians, Poles and stateless Jews” (Vol. III, p. 83).

Regarding Theresienstadt, the Red Cross said, “”where there were about 40,000 Jews deported from various countries, was a relatively privileged ghetto” (Vol. III, p. 75).

“The Committee’s delegates were able to visit the camp at Theresienstadt (Terezin) which was used exclusively for Jews and was governed by special conditions … From information gathered by the Commmee, this camp had been started as an experiment by certain leaders of the Reich … These men wished to give the Jews the means of setting up a communal life in a town under their own administration and possessing almost complete autonomy … two delegates were able to visit the camp on April 6, 1945.

They confirmed the favourable impression gained on the first visit” (Vol. I, p. 642).

The ICRC also had praise for the regime of Ion Antonescu of Fascist Rumania where the Committee was able to extend special relief to 183,000 Rumanian Jews until the time of the Soviet occupation.

The aid then ceased and the ICRC complained bitterly that it never succeeded “in sending anything whatsoever to Russia” (Vol. II, p. 62). The same situation applied to many of the German camps after their “liberation” by the Russians.

The ICRC received a voluminous flow of mail from Auschwitz until the period of the Soviet occupation, when many of the internees were evacuated westward. But the efforts of the Red Cross to send relief to internees remaining at Auschwitz under Soviet control were futile.

However. food parcels continued to be sent to former Auschwitz inmates transferred west to such camps as Buchenwald and Oranienburg.

NO MENTION OF GAS CHAMBERS

One of the most important aspects of the Report of the ICRC is that it clarifies the true cause of those deaths that undoubtedly occurred in the camps towards the end of the war.

Says the Report: “in the chaotic condition of Germany after the invasion during the final months of the war, the camps received no food supplies at all and starvation claimed an increasing number of victims.

Itself alarmed by this situation, the German Government at last informed the ICRC on February 1, 1945 … In March 1945, discussions between the President of the ICRC and General of the S.S. Kaltenbrunner gave even more decisive results.

Relief could henceforth be distributed by the ICRC and one delegate was authorised to stay in each camp .I.” (Vol. III, p.83).
Clearly, the German authorities were at pains to relieve the dire situation as far as they were able.

The Red Cross are quite explicit in stating that food supplies ceased at this time due to the Allied bombing of German transportation, and in the interests of interned Jews they had protested on March 15, 1944 against “the barbarous aerial warfare of the Allies” (Inter Armet Caritns, p. 78). B

By October 2, 1944, the ICRC had warned the German Foreign Office of the impending collapse of the German transportation system, declaring that starvation conditions for people throughout Germany were becoming inevitable.

In dealing with this comprehensive, three-volume Report, it is important to stress that the delegates of the International Red Cross found no evidence whatsoever of ‘gas chambers’.

The original 1946 edition did not even talk of ‘extermination’ or ‘death camps’ but after the emotional impact of the Nuremberg trials the Red Cross felt compelled to introduce into the expanded 1948 Report several, very cursory references to ‘death camps’ (Vol. 1 p. 641) and ‘extermination camps’ (Vol. I p. 645).
However, no means of’extermination’ is indicated.

In all its 1,600 pages the three-volume Report does not even mention such a thing as a
‘gas chamber’. It acknowledges that Jews, like many other wartime nationalities, suffered rigours and privations, but’ its complete silence
on the subject of’gassings’ is ample refutation of the ‘Holocaust’ legend.

NOT ALL WERE INTERNED
Volume III of the Report of the ICRC, Chapter 3 (I. Jewish Civilian Population) deals with the “aid given to the Jewish section of the free population” and this chapter makes it quite plain that by no means all of the European Jews were placed in internment camps but remained, subject to certain restrictions, as part of the free civilian population.

This conflicts directly with the “thoroughness” of the supposed “extermination programme”, and with the claim in the forged Hoess memoirs that Eichmann was obsessed with seizing every single Jew he could lay his hands on,” In Slovakia, for example, where Eichmann’s assistant Dieter Wisliceny was in charge, the Report states that “A large proportian of the Jewish minority had permission to stay in the country, and at certain periods Slovakia was looked upon as a comparative haven of refuge for Jews, especially for those coming from Poland.

Those who remained in Slovakia seem to have been in comparative safety until the end of August 1944, when a rising against the German forces took place. While it is true that the law of May 15, 1942 had brought about the internment of several thousand Jews, these people were held in camps where the conditions of food and lodging were tolerable, and where the internees were allowed to do paid work on terms almost equal to those of the free labour market” (Vol. I, p. 646).

Not only did large numbers of the three million or so European Jews avoid internment altogether, but the emigration of Jews continued throughout the war, generally by way of Hungary, Rumania and Turkey. Ironically, post-war Jewish emigration from German-occupied territories was also facilitated by the Reich, as in the case of the Polish Jews who had escaped to France before its occupation.

“The Jews from Poland who, whilst in France, had obtained entrance permits to the United States were held to be American citizens by the German occupying authorities, who further agreed to recognise the validity of about three thousand passports issued to Jews by the consulates of South American countries” (Vol. 1, p. 645).

As future U.S. citizens, these Jews were held at the Vittel camp in southern France for American aliens. The emigration of European Jews from Hungary in particular proceeded during the war unhindered by the German authorities. “Until March 1944,” says the Red Cross Report, “Jews who had the privilege of visas for Palestine were free to leave Hungary” (Vol. 1, p. 648). Even after the replacement of the Horthy Government in 1944 (following its attempted armistice with the Soviet Union) with a government more dependent on German authority, the emigration of Jews continued.

The Committee secured the pledges of both Britain and the United States “to give support by every means to the emigration of Jews from Hungary, ” and from the U.S. Government the ICRC received a message stating that “The Government of the United States… now specifically repeats its assurance that arrangements will be made by it for the care of all Jews who in the present circumstances are allowed to leave” (Vol. 1, p. 649).

…………
Official International Red Cross Records Released
Sealed And Guarded Since The End Of WWII At Arolsen, Germany,
The Official IRC Records Reveal The Actual Concentration Camp Total Death
Toll Was 271,301

http://monamontgomery.com/products/271304.htm

***

The Source of the six million figure is a Talmudic (Jewish Talmud) reference to a future holocaust in which six million Jews die.

The reason why they are claiming six million deaths in Nazi camps, even though that number vastly exceeds the number of Jews in Europe at the time, is because this reference in their scripture is something they fear deeply and wish to prevent at all costs.

The Ashkenazi Jews, which I have experience with honestly believe that prophecy is real, but can be manipulated.

They believe that prophets see into the future, and see what was believed and said, and then write that down as much as they reveal the word of GOD.

SO there is a group of Ashkenazi Jews who wish to make the six million figure HISTORY to prevent it from ever happening in the FUTURE by repeating this number over and over and over into the social concience, in the hope that prophets of old will also latch onto this, and report it as a factual event in the future, which would now be history.

In other words, they believe they can lie themselves a new future. I don’t think so – I think their hardest days are ahead and one thing is certain, the genie is out of the bottle and through the word, the real truth of Fukushima may be like silly putty slowly sinking into the carpet, eventually it will be TOTALLY sunk in the carpet and nothing will get it out.

THIS could cause the six million Jewish deaths the prophecy speaks of, and No, I do not believe they can lie their way out of it.

Note to readers from Teena Gee: Does any reader know where or how to get a copy of this (these) German Red Cross documents? I would like to read the complete reports and explore the details contained in them. As a matter of simple mathematics, if there were less than 5,000 Jews in the whole of Europe at the time, and lets guess that one third relocated, that leaves a remainder of around 3 million – not 6.

I have a book called “Germany” published by Lonely Planet, ISBN: 1740594711 4th Edition published in MAY 2004 and I quote from page 34 which states: (bottom paragraph)

    ” …Another 165 work camps provided labour for big industry including IG Farbendinustrie AG, producer of the cyanide gas Zyclon B that was used in gas chambers to murder over three million Jews.”

How exactly did we get from 3 million to 6 million?  and how did we get to either number when the Red Cross official death record states  271,301? 

__________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Ed – This is obviously a very emotive and thin ice topic and Blogfactory magazine would like to point out that editorial and entrepreneurial staff of Blogfactory do not necessarily subscribe to  (or agree with) every point of view,or the views expressed and are not responsible for any inaccurate, incorrect or offensive statements in this article. Although having said that the Editor is somewhat astonished at this content and the general international response to the content.We try to find and put forward what is considered ‘Truth’.

________________________________________________________________________________________________________

COMMENTS:

Gary G. writes: To fulfill Jewish prophesy the world must be persuaded that six million Jews were killed before the Jews can install their messiah (lucifer) to rule non-Jews (goyim or Gentiles) with a “rod of iron.” This is the sole purpose of the so-called holocaust.

To be continued



